Improve the SSO description (#21)
robchahin/sso-wall-of-shame: index.md

In this context, SSO refers to a SaaS or similar vendor allowing a business client to manage user accounts via the client's own identity provider, without having to rely on the vendor to provide strong and unified authentication with audit logs, and with the ability to create and delete user accounts centrally, for all users, across all software in use by that client.

For organizations with more than a handful of employees, this feature is critical for IT and Security teams to be able to effectively manage user accounts across dozens or hundreds of vendors, many of which don't support features like TOTP 2FA or U2F. In the event that an employee leaves the company, it allows the IT team to immediately disable their access to all applications, rather than logging into 100 different user management portals.

For organizations with low staffed IT or no IT services at all, this feature helps to reduce the operational expenditure cost by automatically creating and deactivating user account on demand.

> Finally, this feature improve the user experience. The Identity Manager used for the service federation will create a launcher portal with all federated apps easily available in once place. Plus, advanced Identity Manager will offer the capability to automatically authenticate the user on managed devices (with certificates or kerberos).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, this feature improves the user experience. The Identity Manager used for the service federation will create a launcher portal with all federated apps easily available in one place. Plus, advanced Identity Manager will offer the capability to automatically authenticate the user on managed devices (with certificates or kerberos).
```
